# Shops-Delivery-System
This project is basically a COVID-19 inspired software solution that provides small shops and businesses with a way to be able to sell their products to customers who can not get to the shops physically due to COVID-19 situation or other reasons. The idea is that this application allows shop owners to connect with volunteers who provide delivery service as a way to serve their communities. Shop owners can assign registered volunteers to deliver the orders and this eliminates the need for having their own delivery system as they can now rely on this dynamic delivery network of volunteers. The users of this application are mainly Shop Owners, Customers and delivery Volunteers.
The software is a team project for a programming course I had and is written in C++ in 4000+ lines of code and documentation.

# Setup and run
Clone the repo using `git clone` and then go to the repo folder and run `cmake CMakeLists.txt -S ./ -B build` this will create a new build directory with the solution in it, you can use Visual Studio to run the program but make sure to set the ShopDeliverySystem project as the statrtup project in the solution menu. Unfortunately, at the current time, this project only runs on windows due to the use of some windows specific libaries and functions and this may be changed in the future, and your contribution is also welcome.
One of the main features of the app is the serialization of the data of the users and their info which is written to text files under the `/data` directory, and read from there at the start of the program, this is a very basic attempt at storing the info without using a database system or even serialization from external libraries like boost.
You can test the app by signing up for new accounts or using account info from the files containg use info like `/data/ShopOwnersList.txt` and `/data/CustomersList.txt`.
